Detail about <number>s in rgb-related color functions and glossary (#28962)
mdn/content: files/en-us/glossary/rgb/index.md

Alone an RGB value has no meaning. A color model defines how the three components relate to a color space. Graphically, a point in a three-dimensional grid or cube represents a color. Each dimension (or axis) corresponds to a different channel. The RGB color model is then a _cubic_, or _Cartesian_, coordinate system of the underlying color space.

For the web, the underlying color space for an RGB value is _sRGB_ (Standard RGB), and each RGB component is a number between 0 and 255.

Note that there are other RGB color spaces, like the _Adobe RGB_ color space, that can represent a wider {{glossary("gamut")}} of color than the _sRGB_ color space. The coordinates in _sRGB_ and _Adobe RGB_ are different.

> There are many ways to describe the RGB components of a color. In {{Glossary("CSS")}} they can be represented as a single 24-bit integer in hexadecimal notation (for example, `#add8e6` is light blue), or in functional notation, [`rgb()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb) as three separate integers between 0 and 255 (for example, `rgb(46 140 87)`). There are also the `srgb`, `srgb-linear`, `a98-rgb`, and `prophoto-rgb` color spaces for the [`color()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/color) function, where each color is represented as a fraction (a floating-point number between 0.0 and 1.0). The same is true for {{Glossary("OpenGL")}}, {{Glossary("WebGL")}}, and {{Glossary("GLSL")}}, although in the actual color buffer they are typically stored as 8-bit integers.

Reviewer: By "describe a color", I think the text here meant specifying a `<color>` value, so it's fine to declare `rgb(46 139.5 87)`, even if it might be serialized as `rgb(46 140 87)`.

**Note:** The suggestion below completely erases the mentioning of WebGL since there are also floating types like [RGB16F](https://registry.khronos.org/webgl/specs/latest/2.0/#TEXTURE_TYPES_FORMATS_FROM_DOM_ELEMENTS_TABLE) for RGB colors.

```suggestion
There are many ways to describe the RGB components of a color. In {{Glossary("CSS")}} they can be represented as a single 24-bit integer in hexadecimal notation (for example, `#add8e6` is light blue), or in functional notation, [`rgb()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb) as three separate numbers between 0 and 255 (for example, `rgb(46 139.5 87)`). There are also the `srgb`, `srgb-linear`, `a98-rgb`, and `prophoto-rgb` color spaces for the [`color()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/color) function.
```

> RGB is not the only color model that can represent the _sRGB_ color space. Cylindrical coordinate systems like the [`HSL`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hsl) (_hue-saturation-lightness_) or [`HWB`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hwb) (_hue-whiteness-blackness_) color models are also used to represent a sRGB color on the web. These are limited to the 16,777,216 color spectrum defined by the [`rgb()`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/rgb) function.

Reviewer: As indicated by the spec, implementations can (actually are encouraged) preserve higher-than-8-bit precesions for sRGB serialization, and the spec never *defines* an exactly number for sRGB colors. Even if there were an exact number, it seems not so useful to mention it here.
```suggestion
RGB is not the only color model that can represent the _sRGB_ color space. Cylindrical coordinate systems like the [`HSL`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hsl) (_hue-saturation-lightness_) or [`HWB`](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/color_value/hwb) (_hue-whiteness-blackness_) color models are also used to represent a sRGB color on the web.
```
